Carroll’s first ever performance was just Brian Hurlow, alone, smashing his feet on a broken keyboard to trigger samples. Little did he know, ambient guitar sorcerer Max Kulicke (think layers) and iconic drummer Charlie Rudoy we’re watching from afar. They joined and took the seeds of Brian’s sadness and grew them into jungles. It was only a matter of time until Charles McClung arrived and with a wave of his wand completed the Carroll lineup with tightrope bass lines and glass synths.
Carroll put out their first release, the Needs E.P., to a buzzing and excited audience. After months of deep touring the scattered parts of a followup full length album were arranged neatly on the floor of their Minneapolis home. They took a hazy snapshot of the dismembered songs and sent them to renowned engineer Jon Low (The National, The War on Drugs, Mr. Twin Sister). Jon was game and so the band shipped out to Philly to record their eponymous Carroll (Eone, 2015) in a headrush of 18 days. Then they toured and kept touring.
Now, glowing stronger with each passing moon, Carroll is warming up to release their second LP As Far As Gardens Go (Shattered Orb, 2016) this upcoming fall. Recorded by the band in a series of isolated beach cabins in the northeast, and mixed by Jon Low, Carroll’s second record tells a story of being adrift, of orbiting in and out of the lives of others. With heavy emphasis on synth syrup and dense, classic arrangements, Carroll’s 2016 follow up pulls the listener into a blissful, sometimes chaotic futuristic world
